[Feat] Enable variant argument inside `Container` (#1002)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20250217_105619_huong_li_nguyen_styled_containers.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Highlights ✨

- A bullet item for the Highlights ✨ category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
### Added

> - Introduce the `theme` argument inside `Container`, allowing the selection of predefined stylings for the container. ([#1002](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1002))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable styling of `vm.Container` with a new argument `theme="outlined"/"filled"`. ([#1002](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1002))
```

> - Enable styling of `vm.Container` with a new argument `theme="outlined"/"filled"`. See the user guide on [styled containers](https://vizro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/pages/user-guides/container/#styled-containers) for more details. ([#1002](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1002))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enable styling of `vm.Container` with a new argument `variant="plain"/"filled"/"outlined"`. See the user guide on [styled containers](https://vizro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/pages/user-guides/container/#styled-containers) for more details. ([#1002](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1002))
```
